# Week of 11/02/2020 - 11/09/2020
## Meeting Start Time
2020/11/08/11:00 AM
## Meeting End Time
2020/11/08/2:00 PM
## Location/Medium
Discord Voice Channel
## Present
Nathan Malitz
Alex Thomas
Parker Carlson
Zachary Criswell
Adam Gackenheimer
## Minute Recorder
Zachary Criswell
## Topics Discussed
- Discussed setup of project on Atlassian. We decided to switch to Kanplan, meaning that the board will be Kanban style while iterations will be organized into sprints. Columns for our board include To Do, In Progress, Today and Done.
- Made a study plan for the tech stack of the first iteration. Subjects include, but are not limited to, C#, MVC patterns within the ASP.NET Core framework, APIs, et cetera.
- Organized first sprint of iteration one. This sprint will include BSUFA 2, 4, 5 and 3.
- We chose which videos to watch for the ‘compare your team to others’ assignment. Videos we will watch include those for EVE, AWS Visualization and the Ratings Portal project.
- Everyone is now able to contribute to Accutech’s Atlassian Services.
- Clarified when we will meet with clients (We can’t meet at the normal time because of class registration) 
- The front end of our project may use Philbert which is a type of bootstrap script.
- The UI/UX should take visual cues from the UI/UX of Cheetah (Accutech software).
- Discussed how to achieve Minimum Viable Requirements in the first iteration.
- We took time to discuss the fundamentals of Jira as well as other Atlassian products used by Accutech. Backlogs for the next sprint were also discussed and agreed upon by the group.
## Things Clarified
- Next week’s meeting should be an hour long so our client partners can discuss Accunet with us, and how it will factor into our project.
- We will do a progress report as to how the first sprint is going.
- Development environment will be finalized as well as discussed with our Client partners.
- Further discussion centering on the planning of future iterations vis-a-vis modularity and Clean Code will also make an appearance on the agenda for our upcoming meeting.
