


# Week of 11/15/2020 - 11/22/2020

## Meeting Start Time

2020/11/19/2:00 PM

## Meeting End Time

 2020/11/19/3:00 PM

## Location/Medium

 Discord Voice Channel

## Present

- Nathan Malitz

- Alex Thomas

- Parker Carlson

- Zachary Criswell

- Adam Gackenheimer

- Colin Ledbetter

- Matthew Garett (Client Partner)

## Minute Recorder

 Zachary Criswell

## Topics Discussed

-   Touched bases with client-partner about the progress which has been made so far during the first iteration.
    
-   Client gave a “tour” of Accunet to describe the reactive features which may be of use to our project.
    
-   Discussed how Accunet will play a role in future iterations vis-a-vis UI/UX. We also discussed some of the limitations of its limitations as well as how to avoid them in our own project.
    
-   We discussed the need for emphasis on pro-active methods of financial planning and how we will be able to implement them in future iterations of the project.
    
-   Discussed possible need for public cloud architecture regarding our database in future iterations. This will most likely occur, if at all, during a second-semester iteration.
    

## Things Clarified

-   Start working on documentation due for iteration 1
    
-   Decided on presenting iterations 1 to clients this upcoming Monday (11/23/2020).
    
-   Clarified timeline for development of UI/UX
    
-   Start work on end-user usability (text interface) of the project before working on more skeletal structure to meet iteration 1 requirements.
<br>
<br>
   
We met twice today (once without the client).
