# Week of 10/18/2020 - 10/24/2020
## Meeting Start Time
2020/10/19/9:30 AM
## Meeting End Time
2020/10/19/10:15 AM
## Location/Medium
Zoom
## Present
- Nathan Malitz, Alex Thomas, Parker Carlson, Zachary Criswell, Adam Gackenheimer
- Colin Ledbetter
- Patrick Spenser
- Matt Garrett
## Minute Recorder
Parker Carlson
## Topics Discussed
- Checked Business Requirements: got approved by Matt. Reminded to focus on overall cost benefits to employers.
- Discussed 401k and how it relates to the app.
    - More participating in 401k and more contributing to it benefits employer’s cost.
- Articles (for education) will be in app and out of app.
    - Lots of it will be proprietary info. They will write it for us to implement.
    - Lots of specific terms will be translated to layman’s terms.
- Checked Domain Model: approved by Matt and Pat. Recognized that it might change throughout the project.
- Shared Prototype with clients.
    - Approved by both Pat and Matt for simplification, we could go further. 
- User personas
    - Financial Advisors:
        - Very analytical
    - End Users:
        - Much more personal and simplified.
        - Try to get end users less “emotional” about their money.
## Things Clarified
- Will receive access for development environment (i.e. Atlassian) from Pat within the week.
- Change allocation focus prototype to go one level higher in simplification. Show both savings and spending on the same screen.
- n categories to be more specific, as well as allow users to create custom categories.
    - View other apps to see how they create user-defined categories.
- Allow users to list their assets and liabilities in app.
    - Use If-then statements to guide users towards recognition of their finances.
- Notify users of ways to save money. (such as spending less on coffee every day, or buying less take out).