# Client Meeting on 9/28/2020
## Meeting Start Time
2020/09/28/9:00
## Meeting End Time
2020/09/28/9:53
## Location/Medium
Zoom
## Present
Nathan, Alex, Parker, Zachary, Adam, Matt, Pat
## Minute Recorder
Nathan, Alex, Parker, Zachary, Adam
## Topics Discussed
- Who is the user of the app?
- What is Moneytree?
- Goals of the app.
- Where will we 'begin' development?
- Future client meeting times
## Things Clarified
- Who is the user of the app? (3 tiers of users. philanthropic, small business owners, and corporate benefits)
- Money Tree is financial planning software, bankers, Clients of financial advisors are the main user that we will be developing
- Goal:
    - This app will encourage self discipline in users.
    - Build logic behind budgeting
- Later Goal:
    - We will use gamification to build better Fiscal Habits. Allow users to see the positive consequences of financial planning through rewards.
        - Tangible rewards to use in real life such as gift cards.
        - Intangible rewards such as badges.
    - Possible technical ideas such as different modes of the app. (From faith based users to more financially educated users)
    - Security of the app, and where the data will be stored.
- Where we will begin development: We are working from a skeleton app from last year's project.
    - Will need to build the server side/API of the app
- The NDA that will be signed, and what we are able to openly discuss with outside people
- Tech Stack
    - .NET
        - C#
    - Jira
    - AWS
    - Flutter
        -Dart
- Regular Client Meetings will occur every Monday at 9AM.
- Pat and Matthew are working on getting group members access to “Requirements” for the project as well as Jira in general. They should be available by next week’s client-meeting.